Content(mission/job): Unfettered trade 1 Jump Drive for 2 Tripulse Shredders (#7580)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/unfettered 0 prologue.txt

					defer
				`	(Yes.)`
			`	You exit your ship and immediately the engineer starts leads you to the outfitter, "We will show you the weapon once you arrive. For now you will only be allowed to access one of them, but if you continue to prove of great assistance to us we may give you access to the others." They lead you trough the usual outfitter but then go to an area you never noticed before, probably because you were not meant to. As you were about to pass trough what you assumed to be a security check, an Unfettered throws a blade to your face you.`
			choice
				`	(Try to grab it.)`
					goto grab
				`	(Try to dodge it.)`
					goto dodge
				`	(Leap to the side and use my own weapon.)`
				`	(Flee.)`
					goto flee
			`	You leap to the side, and get your own weapon just in time to threaten the Unfettered that threw the blade at you with it. They lower their weapon, and seem a bit surprised by your unconventional tactics. "Well done! There is higher honor than surviving, on the field of battle. A tactic is only good if you can find and execute it quickly enough to give you an edge. I am Desneeparu, and it is my pleasure to meet you, captain."`
				goto meet
			label grab

> 			`	You manage to grab the weapon, just in time to deflect an incoming attack from the same Unfettered. You duel with them for what feels like an eternity, and you are astonished by the fact you managed to survive that long. Then, suddenly, they smile, and lower their weapon. "You sure know how to fight! I am Desneeparu, and it is pleasure to meet you, captain <last>!" She says, before laughing at your surprised face.`

Author: They're letting you win

> 			`	You manage to grab the weapon, just in time to deflect an incoming attack from the same Unfettered. You duel with them for what feels like an eternity, and you are astonished by the fact you managed to survive that long. Then, suddenly, they smile, and lower their weapon. "You sure know how to fight! I am Desneeparu, and it is pleasure to meet you, captain <last>!" She says, before laughing at your surprised face.`

Author: There we go I changed it, tell me what you think

			`	"Welcome to the special section of the outfitter, captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we can offer something way more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty tripulse shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. 2 tripulse cannons for one jump drive and our sympathy is the deal I propose." They say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to the rest of Hai weaponry, but enhanced someway or another. There even are some ion looking weapons, but one is smaller than an ion cannon whilst another one looks like a turreted version of it.`
			label weapons
			choice

> 				`	"Tell me more about that tripulse cannon I can buy."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"Tell me more about that Tripulse Cannon I can buy."`
```

					goto tripulse

> 				`	"Can you tell me more about that ion looking small weapon?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"Can you tell me more about that ionic small weapon?"`
```

> 				`	"I'd like to learn about the ion turret."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"I'd like to learn about the Ion Turret."`
```

					goto turret
				`	"I would just prefer the money, actually."`
					goto money
			label blaster

> 			`	"Ah, the blaster. It is a favored by many Shield Beetle captains, because it can easily help them turn the tide of battle, without needing to dedicate too much weapon space for it. It is true that it does not do enough ion damage to properly disable the enemy ship, but it is able to jam their weapons, thus giving you the upper hand in a long fight, especially since its damage potential is acceptable."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Ah, the Blaster. It is a favored by many Shield Beetle captains, because it can easily help them turn the tide of battle, without needing to dedicate too much weapon space for it. It is true that it does not do enough ion damage to properly disable the enemy ship, but it is able to jam their weapons and give you the upper hand in a long fight, especially since its damage potential is acceptable."`
```

			scene "outfit/hai ionic blaster"
				goto backtochoose
			label turret
			`	"That is my preferred weapon out of all of them, by far. Unlike the ion cannon that is a hybrid weapon meant to be able to damage the enemy from long range whilst applying a good deal of ion, this one's role is mostly to disable enemy ships. Even a ship with high batteries will cower before this weapon! And due to it being a high range turret, fighters and small ships will never bother you again!"`
			scene "outfit/hai ionic turret"
			label backtochoose
			`	"However, we only have these weapons in very limited quantity, and as such we cannot afford to give these to you yet. So, about my offer, have you made up your mind?"`
				goto weapons

			label money

> 			`	"Oh. Well, in that case, we will not bother you again with this weapon, or any other, captain, here or in the job board."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Oh. Well, in that case, we will not bother you again with this weapon, or any other, Captain, here or in the job board."`
```

			choice
				`	"Sounds good to me."`
				`	"Wait, what was that weapon again?"`
					goto weapons
			action
				payment 1000000
				set "unfettered: money for drives"
			`	"As you wish. Do remember that if you want to sell further jump drives to us for money you may go to the job board."`
				accept

			label tripulse

> 			`	"The tripulse shredder may seem crude, but it packs a punch and its specialty is how it combines a lot of firepower in one gun slot, and even allows for hit and run tactics due to its burst nature. Some captains even say that a Sea Scorpion can take out a Shield Beetle if it uses 4 of them. If you know what you're doing, of course! As I said, I may offer you two of these in exchange for your jump drive."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"The tripulse shredder may seem crude, but it packs a punch and its specialty is how it combines a lot of firepower in one gun slot, and even allows for hit and run tactics due to its burst nature. Some captains even say that a Sea Scorpion can take out a Shield Beetle if it uses 4 of them, if you know what you're doing, of course! As I said, I may offer you two of these in exchange for your jump drive."`
```

			scene "outfit/tripulse shredder"
			choice
				`	"I'll take that offer."`
				`	"I'd like to learn more about the other weapons first."`
					goto weapons

> 				`	"Actually, could you give me money instead?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"Actually, could you give me the money instead?"`
```

					goto money
			action
				outfit "Tripulse Shredder" 2
			`	They order their crew to do the transfer, and come address you before leaving. "Do note that if you ever want more weapons we will always be willing to trade them for jump drives in the job board. We can of course always offer money instead if that is of higher value to you."`
				accept

			label dodge

> 			`	You manage to dodge the blade but are then left defenceless when the same Unfettered that threw you the blade comes in with another one, and slashes down to strike. They stop at the last possible moment, with a discontent face. "So this is how you 'fight', captain? You hide? You dodge? A weapon thrown at you no longer belongs to the enemy, you can claim it!`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You manage to dodge the blade but are then left defenseless when the same Unfettered that threw the blade at you comes in with another one, and slashes down to strike. They stop at the last possible moment, with a discontent face. "So this is how you 'fight', Captain? You hide? You dodge? A weapon thrown at you no longer belongs to the enemy, you can claim it!`
```

				goto fail
			label flee

> 			`	You run away from the blade without any difficulties but then the Hai that threw it catches up to you in mere seconds, and immobilizes you with their blade on your throat. "You disappoint me, captain. In battle it is of great importance that you identify your advantages over the enemy, and not show yourself weak by running else they will come in for the kill. You have failed in both ways here. Never would you have been able to outrun me, all you did was show fear."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You run away from the blade without any difficulties but then the Hai that threw it catches up to you in mere seconds, and immobilizes you with their blade on your throat. "You disappoint me, Captain. In battle it is of great importance that you identify your advantages over the enemy and not show yourself weak by running, else they will come in for the kill. You have failed in both ways here. Never would you have been able to outrun me. All you did was show fear."`
```

		not "Wanderers: Jump Drive Source: active"
		random < 15
	on offer
		conversation
			`The Unfettered are starting to know you by reputation for bringing jump drives to them. This time, one of them - an engineer, judging by the writing pad and equipment they have - is waiting for you at your hatch. Maybe they mean to trade something other than money with you. Do you want to bargain for another drive with them?`
			choice
				`	(No.)`
					defer
				`	(Yes.)`
			`	You exit your ship and immediately the engineer starts to lead you to the outfitter. "We will show you the weapon once you arrive. For now you will only be allowed to access one of them, but if you continue to prove of great assistance to us we may give you access to the others." They lead you through the usual outfitter but then go to an area you never noticed before, probably because you were not meant to. As you were about to pass through what you assumed to be a security check, an Unfettered throws a blade at your face.`
			choice
				`	(Try to grab it.)`
					goto grab
				`	(Try to dodge it.)`
					goto dodge
				`	(Leap to the side and use my own weapon.)`
				`	(Flee.)`
					goto flee

> 			`	You leap to the side, and get your own weapon just in time to threaten the Unfettered that threw the blade at you with it. They lower their weapon, and seem a bit surprised by your unconventional tactics. "Well done! There is higher honor than surviving on the field of battle. A tactic is only good if you can find and execute it quickly enough to give you an edge. I am Desneeparu, and it is my pleasure to meet you, captain."`

Author: Oh right

				goto meet
			label grab
			`	You manage to grab the weapon, just in time to deflect an incoming attack from the same Unfettered. You duel with them for what feels like an eternity, and you are astonished by the fact you managed to survive that long. You of course do not manage to strike a single successful blow, but at least you are still standing, although in sweats.`

> 			`	Then, suddenly, you can feel them getting serious, as if the game was over. They strike a masterful blow that disarms you with ease before smiling and lowering their weapon. "It looks like you know what to do with a blade! I am Desneeparu, and it is pleasure to meet you, captain <last>!" She says, before laughing at your surprised face. You realize she must have been toying with you, but nevertheless she seems satisfied by your performance`

Author: Not really sure what you mean so I can't really help
Should it be another verb? She exclaims herself?

> 			`	Then, suddenly, you can feel them getting serious, as if the game was over. They strike a masterful blow that disarms you with ease before smiling and lowering their weapon. "It looks like you know what to do with a blade! I am Desneeparu, and it is a pleasure to meet you, captain <last>!" She exclaims herself, before laughing at your surprised face. You realize she must have been toying with you, but nevertheless she seems satisfied by your performance`

Author: I was going for they until she speaks

> 			`	Then, suddenly, you can feel them getting serious, as if the game was over. They strike a masterful blow that disarms you with ease before smiling and lowering their weapon. "It looks like you know what to do with a blade! I am Desneeparu, and it is a pleasure to meet you, captain <last>!" She exclaims herself, before laughing at your surprised face. You realize she must have been toying with you, but nevertheless she seems satisfied by your performance`

Reviewer 2: Should probably note noticing it based on that at the time then.

> 			`	Then, suddenly, you can feel them getting serious, as if the game was over. They strike a masterful blow that disarms you with ease before smiling and lowering their weapon. "It looks like you know what to do with a blade! I am Desneeparu, and it is a pleasure to meet you, captain <last>!" She exclaims herself, before laughing at your surprised face. You realize she must have been toying with you, but nevertheless she seems satisfied by your performance`

Author: actually lets just say desneeparu is obviously a female name

			label meet
			action
				log "minor people" "Desneeparu" `An Unfettered warrior that knows how to handle a blade. She fought you to test your resolve before you were given access to their weapons. You suspect she was holding back or you would never have stood a chance.`

> 			`	Now that you have successfully passed the test, you are then taken to an underground zone, passing through what looks like very basic weapon testing. Many Hai are there, experimenting with small modifications, but never performing any extreme tests. Seeing your interest, the engineer explains. "We prefer to do most of our testing on the field of battle. Here we only make sure the weapon actually shoots before Unfettered captains can get their hands on it." You now notice a few captains looking at the tests, and one even requests a weapon to be taken to his ship, apparently satisfied with its performances. You keep on walking until you enter a proper outfitter section of the facility.`

Author: I'll just make it the `outfitter section of the facility`
But the idea here it its much more advanced clean etc than what you've seen above so mb I'll just write that, actually

> 			`	"Welcome to the special section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. 2 Tripulse Cannons for one jump drive and our sympathy is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to the rest of Hai weaponry, but enhanced one way or another. There even are some weapons that appear to be ion-based, but one is smaller than an Ion Cannon whilst another one looks like a turreted version of it.`

Reviewer 3: Is it a Shredder or a Cannon?

Author: These are the ion weapons here not the shredder

> 			`	"Welcome to the special section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. 2 Tripulse Cannons for one jump drive and our sympathy is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to the rest of Hai weaponry, but enhanced one way or another. There even are some weapons that appear to be ion-based, but one is smaller than an Ion Cannon whilst another one looks like a turreted version of it.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Welcome to the special section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Cannons for one jump drive and our sympathy is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to the rest of Hai weaponry, but enhanced one way or another. There even are some weapons that appear to be ion-based, but one is smaller than an Ion Cannon whilst another one looks like a turreted version of it.`
```

			label weapons
			choice
				`	"Tell me more about that Tripulse Cannon I can buy."`
					goto tripulse

> 				`	"Can you tell me more about that ionic small weapon?"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
				`	"Can you tell me more about that small ionic weapon?"`
```

> 			`	"Welcome to the special section of the outfitter, captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders for one jump drive and our sympathy is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to the rest of Hai weaponry, but enhanced one way or another. There even are some weapons that appear to be ion-based, but one is smaller than an Ion Cannon whilst another one looks like a turret-mounted version of it.`

Author: Oh this is the engineer... I'll clarify

> 				`	"Can you tell me more about that small ionic weapon?"`

Author: I mean it is right below but sure if you want

				`	"I'd like to learn about the Ion Turret."`
					goto turret
				`	"I would just prefer the money, actually."`
					goto money
			label blaster

> 			`	"Ah, the Blaster. It is a favored by many Shield Beetle captains, because it can easily help them turn the tide of battle, without needing to dedicate too much weapon space for it. It is true that it does not do enough ion damage to properly disable the enemy ship, but it is able to jam their weapons and give you the upper hand in a long fight, especially since its damage potential is acceptable."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Ah, the Blaster. It is favored by many Shield Beetle captains, because it can easily help them turn the tide of battle, without needing to dedicate too much weapon space for it. It is true that it does not do enough ion damage to properly disable the enemy ship, but it is able to jam their weapons and give you the upper hand in a long fight, especially since its damage potential is acceptable."`
```

			scene "outfit/hai ionic blaster"
				goto backtochoose
			label turret

> 			`	"That is my preferred weapon out of all of them, by far. Unlike the ion cannon that is a hybrid weapon meant to be able to damage the enemy from long range whilst applying a good deal of ion, this one's role is mostly to disable enemy ships. Even a ship with high batteries will cower before this weapon! And due to it being a high range turret, fighters and small ships will never bother you again!"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"That is my preferred weapon out of all of them, by far. Unlike the ion cannon that is a hybrid weapon meant to damage the enemy from long range whilst applying a good deal of ionization, this one's role is mostly to disable enemy ships. Even a ship with many batteries will cower before this weapon! And due to it being a high range turret, fighters and small ships will never bother you again!"`
```

			scene "outfit/hai ionic turret"
			label backtochoose
			`	"However, we only have these weapons in very limited quantity, and as such we cannot afford to give these to you yet. So, about my offer, have you made up your mind?"`
				goto weapons

			label money
			`	"Oh. Well, in that case, we will not bother you again with this weapon, or any other, Captain, here or in the job board."`
			choice
				`	"Sounds good to me."`
				`	"Wait, what was that weapon again?"`
					goto weapons
			action
				payment 1000000
				set "unfettered: money for drives"
			`	"As you wish. Do remember that if you want to sell further jump drives to us for money you may go to the job board."`
				accept

			label tripulse

> 			`	"The tripulse shredder may seem crude, but it packs a punch and its specialty is how it combines a lot of firepower in one gun slot, and even allows for hit and run tactics due to its burst nature. Some captains even say that a Sea Scorpion can take out a Shield Beetle if it uses 4 of them, if you know what you're doing, of course! As I said, I may offer you two of these in exchange for your jump drive."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"The tripulse shredder may seem crude, but it packs a punch and its specialty is how it combines a lot of firepower in one gun slot, and even allows for hit and run tactics due to its burst nature. Some captains even say that a Sea Scorpion can take out a Shield Beetle if it uses four of them, if you know what you're doing, of course! As I said, I may offer you two of these in exchange for your jump drive."`
```

			scene "outfit/tripulse shredder"
			choice
				`	"I'll take that offer."`
				`	"I'd like to learn more about the other weapons first."`
					goto weapons
				`	"Actually, could you give me the money instead?"`
					goto money
			action
				outfit "Tripulse Shredder" 2

> 			`	They order their crew to do the transfer, and come address you before leaving. "Do note that if you ever want more weapons we will always be willing to trade them for jump drives in the job board. We can of course always offer money instead if that is of higher value to you. Of course, we can only do this exchange here, on <origin>."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	They order their crew to do the transfer, and come address you before leaving. "Do note that if you ever want more weapons, we will always be willing to trade them for jump drives in the job board. We can of course always offer money instead if that is of higher value to you. Of course, we can only do this exchange here, on <origin>."`
```
Also not sure about the repeated 'of course'.

Author: Fixed it

				accept

			label dodge

> 			`	You manage to dodge the blade but are then left defenseless when the same Unfettered that threw the blade at you comes in with another one, and slashes down to strike. They stop at the last possible moment, with a discontent face. "So this is how you 'fight', captain? You hide? You dodge? A weapon thrown at you no longer belongs to the enemy, you can claim it!`

Author: I think thats a bit too easy
Its like if katia went "oh well I'll forgive you" in FW - this mission isnt essential
We could have some other test later if you failed this, or some other way to prove yourself (like a space challenge?) in a follow up PR but just deferring feels too easy

Actually you know what, I can make it be reset by selling them 5 JD

> 			`	You manage to dodge the blade but are then left defenseless when the same Unfettered that threw the blade at you comes in with another one, and slashes down to strike. They stop at the last possible moment, with a discontent face. "So this is how you 'fight', captain? You hide? You dodge? A weapon thrown at you no longer belongs to the enemy, you can claim it!`

Reviewer 2: That's a fair route, too. I mostly want to see an actual distinction in consequences between dodging and fleeing.

				goto fail
			label flee

> 			`	You run away from the blade without any difficulties but then the Hai that threw it catches up to you in mere seconds, and immobilizes you with their blade on your throat. "You disappoint me, Captain. In battle it is of great importance that you identify your advantages over the enemy and not show yourself weak by running, else they will come in for the kill. You have failed in both ways here. Never would you have been able to outrun me. All you did was show fear."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	You run away from the blade without any difficulties but then the Hai that threw it catches up to you in mere seconds, and immobilizes you with their blade on your throat. "You disappoint me, Captain. In battle it is of great importance that you identify your advantages over the enemy and not show yourself weak by running, else they will come in for the kill. You have failed in both ways here. Never would you have been able to outrun me. All you did was show fear.`
```

> 			`	You run away from the blade without any difficulty, but the Hai that threw it catches up to you in mere seconds and immobilizes you with their blade on your throat. "You disappoint me, captain. In battle it is of great importance that you identify your advantages over the enemy and not show yourself weak by running, else they will come in for the kill. You have failed in both ways here. Never would you have been able to outrun me. All you did was show fear.`

Author: euh I think it is lower case already?

mission "Unfettered Jump Drive Trading"
	minor
	landing
	invisible
	source "Darkcloak"
	to offer
		has "Unfettered Jump Drive 3: offered"
		not "Wanderers: Jump Drive Source: active"
		# There is no minimum amount of JD to sell (other than the first 3), except if you failed to prove yourself the first time.
		# "Unfettered Jump Drive 4: failed" represents the amount of JD sold.
		"unfettered: jd to sell" < "Unfettered Jump Drive 4: failed"
		or
			# guaranteed if you sold more than 10 JD
			"Unfettered Jump Drive 4: failed" > 10
			random < 25
			and
				"Unfettered Jump Drive 4: failed" > 5
				random < 50
	on offer
		conversation
			`The Unfettered are starting to know you by reputation for bringing jump drives to them. This time, one of them - an engineer, judging by the writing pad and equipment they have - is waiting for you at your hatch. Maybe they mean to trade something other than money with you. Do you want to bargain for another drive with them?`
			choice
				`	(No.)`
					defer
				`	(Yes.)`

> 			`	You exit your ship and immediately the engineer starts to lead you to the outfitter. "We will show you the weapon once you arrive. For now you will only be allowed to access one of them, but if you continue to prove of great assistance to us we may give you access to the others."`

Reviewer: The introduction of trading for weapons is really abrupt here. The engineer just assumes that you're here for weapons and starts showing them to you immediately.

Author: Well the Unfettered cant imagine you wouldnt be interested in weapons

Author: I added an option where you can say you're not interested in hai weaps and they say you should see it first

			`	They lead you through the usual outfitter but then go to an area you never noticed before, probably because you were not meant to. As you are about to pass through what you assumed to be a security check, an Unfettered throws a blade at your face!`
			choice
				`	(Try to grab it.)`
					goto grab
				`	(Try to dodge it.)`
					goto dodge
				`	(Leap to the side and use my own weapon.)`
				`	(Flee.)`
					goto flee

> 			`	You leap to the side, grabbing your own weapon just in time to threaten the Unfettered that threw the blade at you. Seeming a bit surprised by your unconventional tactics, they lower their own weapon. "Well done! In truth, there is no higher honor than surviving on the field of battle, because only then can you bring loot back to those who need it! A tactic is only good if you can find and execute it quickly enough to give you an edge, which you did. I am Desneeparu, and it is my pleasure to meet you, captain."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You leap to the side, grabbing your own weapon just in time to threaten the Unfettered that threw the blade at you. Seeming a bit surprised by your unconventional tactics, they lower their own weapon. "Well done! In truth, there is no higher honor than surviving on the field of battle, because only then can you bring loot back to those who need it! A tactic is only good if you can find and execute it quickly enough to give you an edge, which you did. I am Desneeparu, and it is my pleasure to meet you, Captain."`
```

				goto meet
			label grab
			`	You manage to grab the weapon, just in time to deflect an incoming attack from the same Unfettered. They duel with you for what feels like an eternity. At first you are astonished by the fact you have managed to survive this long, but you soon realize that, as you have not managed to land a single successful blow, this must be some kind of deliberate test.`

> 			`	Then, suddenly, you can feel the pace of your opponent change; the game is over. They strike a masterful blow that disarms you with ease before smiling and lowering their weapon. "It looks like you know what to do with a blade! I am Desneeparu, and it is a pleasure to meet you, captain <last>!" She exclaims herself, before laughing at your surprised face. You realize she must have been toying with you from the beginning, but, nevertheless, she seems satisfied by your performance.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Then, suddenly, you can feel the pace of your opponent change; the game is over. They strike a masterful blow that disarms you with ease before smiling and lowering their weapon. "It looks like you know what to do with a blade! I am Desneeparu, and it is a pleasure to meet you, Captain <last>!" she exclaims, before laughing at your surprised face. You realize she must have been toying with you from the beginning, but, nevertheless, she seems satisfied by your performance.`
```

			label meet
			action
				log "minor people" "Desneeparu" `An Unfettered warrior that knows how to handle a blade. She fought you to test your resolve before you were given access to their weapons. You suspect she was holding back, or you would never have stood a chance.`

> 			`	Desneeparu is a feminine name, and she clearly knows how to handle her blades. She does some kind of salute with her fist, before leaving. "I most go now. I hope you will find the weapon you need, Captain."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Desneeparu is a feminine name, and she clearly knows how to handle her weaponry. She does some kind of salute with her fist, before leaving. "I most go now. I hope you will find the weapon you need, Captain."`
```

> 			`	The engineer, who had stepped back during the fight then proceeds to take you underground, to what looks like a very basic weapon testing range. Many Hai are there, experimenting with small modifications, but never performing any extreme tests. Seeing your interest, the engineer explains, "We prefer to do most of our testing on the field of battle. Here we only make sure the weapon actually fires before Unfettered captains can get their hands on it." She points to where a few captains watch the tests; apparently satisfied with what they see, one even requests a weapon to be taken to their ship. You keep walking until you enter the outfitter section of the facility, where you notice the items on display are much more advanced than anything you have seen available on the surface. So much so it could almost pass for a 'normal' Hai outfitter, were it not for the overcharged, oppressive feel of the air, which is probably due to extensive weapon testing.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	The engineer, who had stepped back during the fight, now proceeds to take you underground to what looks like a very basic weapon testing range. Many Hai are there, experimenting with small modifications, but never performing any extreme tests. Seeing your interest, the engineer explains, "We prefer to do most of our testing on the field of battle. Here we only make sure the weapon actually fires before Unfettered captains can get their hands on it." She points to where a few captains watch the tests; apparently satisfied with what they see, one even requests a weapon to be taken to their ship. You keep walking until you enter the outfitter section of the facility, where you notice the items on display are much more advanced than anything you have seen available on the surface: so much so it could almost pass for a 'normal' Hai outfitter, were it not for the overcharged, oppressive feel of the air, which is probably due to extensive weapon testing.`
```

			`	"Welcome to the special section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders for one jump drive and our sympathy is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to the rest of Hai weaponry, but enhanced in one way or another. There even are some weapons that appear to be ion-based, but one is smaller than an Ion Cannon whilst another one looks like a turret-mounted version of it.`
			label weapons
			choice
				`	"Tell me more about those Tripulse Shredders I can buy."`
					goto tripulse
				`	"Can you tell me more about that small ionic weapon?"`
					goto blaster
				`	"I'd like to learn about the Ion Turret."`
					goto turret
				`	"I would just prefer the money, actually."`
					goto money
			label blaster

> 			`	"Ah, the Blaster. It is favored by many Shield Beetle captains, because it can easily help them turn the tide of battle without needing to dedicate too much weapon space for it. Especially considering it's other effects, its damage potential is serviceable. While it is true that it does not do enough ion damage to properly disable a ship on its own, it is able to jam their weapons and will give you the upper hand in a long fight."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Ah, the Blaster. It is favored by many Shield Beetle captains, because it can easily help them turn the tide of battle without needing to dedicate too much weapon space for it. Especially considering its other effects, its damage potential is serviceable. While it is true that it does not do enough ion damage to properly disable a ship on its own, it is able to jam their weapons and will give you the upper hand in a long fight."`
```

			scene "outfit/hai ionic blaster"
				goto backtochoose
			label turret
			`	"That is my preferred weapon out of all of them, by far. Unlike the ion cannon that is a hybrid weapon meant to damage the enemy from long range whilst applying a good deal of ionization, this one's role is mostly to disable enemy ships. Even a ship with many batteries will cower before this weapon! And due to it being a high range turret, small ships and even fighters will never bother you again!"`
			scene "outfit/hai ionic turret"
			label backtochoose
			`	"However, we only have these weapons in very limited quantity, and as such we cannot afford to give these to you yet. So, about my offer, have you made up your mind?"`
				goto weapons

			label money
			`	"Oh. Well, in that case, we will not bother you again with this weapon, or any other, Captain, here or in the job board."`
			choice
				`	"Sounds good to me."`
				`	"Wait, what was that weapon again?"`
					goto weapons
			action
				payment 1000000
				set "unfettered: money for drives"
			`	"As you wish. Do remember that if you want to sell further jump drives to us for money you may go to the job board."`
				accept

			label tripulse

> 			`	"The Tripulse Shredder may seem crude, but it packs a punch! Its specialty is how it combines a lot of firepower in one gun slot, and, due to its burst nature, is perfect pilots who already use hit and run tactics. Some captains even say that a Sea Scorpion can take out a Shield Beetle when it uses four of them, if you know what you're doing, of course! As I said, I may offer you two of these in exchange for your jump drive."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"The Tripulse Shredder may seem crude, but it packs a punch! Its specialty is how it combines a lot of firepower in one gun slot, and, due to its burst nature, it's perfect for pilots who already use hit and run tactics. Some captains even say that a Sea Scorpion can take out a Shield Beetle when it uses four of them, if you know what you're doing, of course! As I said, I may offer you two of these in exchange for your jump drive."`
```

			scene "outfit/tripulse shredder"
			choice
				`	"I'll take that offer."`
				`	"I'd like to learn more about the other weapons first."`
					goto weapons
				`	"Actually, could you give me the money instead?"`
					goto money
			action
				outfit "Tripulse Shredder" 2
			`	They order their crew to do the transfer and come address you before leaving. "Do note that if you ever want more weapons, we will always be willing to trade them for jump drives in the job board. However, we can always offer money instead if that is of higher value to you. Of course, we can only do this exchange here, on <origin>, given it is where these advanced weapons are produced and stocked."`
				accept

			label dodge
			action

> 				# so its only +2 in total

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				# so it's only +2 in total
```

				"unfettered: jd to sell" -= 2
			`	You manage to dodge the blade but are then left defenseless when the same Unfettered closes with another one and slashes down to strike. They stop at the last possible moment, discontent clear on their face. "So this is how you 'fight', Captain? You hide? You dodge? You refuse to seize our weapons, so you will not have them."`
				goto fail
			label flee

> 			`	You run away from the blade without any difficulty, but the Hai that threw it catches up to you in mere seconds and immobilizes you with their blade on your throat. "You disappoint me, captain. In battle it is of great importance that you identify your advantages over the enemy and not show yourself weak by running, else they will come in for the kill. You have failed in both ways here. Never would you have been able to outrun me. All you did was show fear."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You run away from the blade without any difficulty, but the Hai that threw it catches up to you in mere seconds and immobilizes you with their blade on your throat. "You disappoint me, Captain. In battle it is of great importance that you identify your advantages over the enemy and not show weakness by running, else they will come in for the kill. You have failed in both ways here. Never would you have been able to outrun me. All you did was show fear."`
```

mission "Unfettered Jump Drive Trading"
	minor
	landing
	invisible
	source "Darkcloak"
	to offer
		has "Unfettered Jump Drive 3: offered"
		not "Wanderers: Jump Drive Source: active"
		# There is no minimum amount of JD to sell (other than the first 3), except if you failed to prove yourself the first time.
		# "Unfettered Jump Drive 4: failed" represents the amount of JD sold.
		"unfettered: jd to sell" < "Unfettered Jump Drive 4: failed"
		or
			# guaranteed if you sold more than 10 JD
			"Unfettered Jump Drive 4: failed" > 10
			random < 25
			and
				"Unfettered Jump Drive 4: failed" > 5
				random < 50
	on offer
		conversation
			`The Unfettered are starting to know you by reputation for bringing jump drives to them. This time, one of them - an engineer, judging by the writing pad and equipment they have - is waiting for you at your hatch. Maybe they mean to trade something other than money with you. Do you want to bargain for another drive with them?`
			choice
				`	(No.)`
					defer
				`	(Yes.)`

> 			`	You exit your ship and immediately the engineer starts to lead you to the outfitter. "We will show you the weapons once you arrive. For now you will only be allowed to trade for the one, but if you continue to provide assistance to us, you may prove yourself worthy to access the others." They never even stop to ask if you are actually interested in new weapons.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You exit your ship and immediately the engineer starts to lead you to the outfitter. "We will show you the weapons once you arrive. For now you will only be allowed to trade for the one, but if you continue to provide assistance to us, you may prove yourself worthy to access the others." They never stop to ask if you are actually interested in new weapons.`
```

			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
					goto next
				`	"Wait, I'm not really interested in Hai weapons..."`
				`	(Leave and come back another time.)`
					defer
			`	"These are not standard Hai weapons, Captain, trust me. Also, it would be ill-advised to judge before seeing them, would it not?"`
			label next
			`	They lead you through the usual outfitter but then go to an area you have never noticed before, probably because you were not meant to. As you are about to pass through what you assume to be a security check, an Unfettered throws a blade at your face!`
			choice
				`	(Try to grab it.)`
					goto grab
				`	(Try to dodge it.)`
					goto dodge
				`	(Leap to the side and use my own weapon.)`
				`	(Flee.)`
					goto flee

> 			`	You leap to the side, grabbing your own weapon just in time to threaten the Unfettered that threw the blade at you. Seeming a bit surprised by your unconventional tactics, they lower their own weapon. "Well done! In truth, there is no higher honor than surviving on the field of battle, because only then can you bring loot back to those who need it! A tactic is only good if you can find and execute it quickly enough to give you an edge, which you did. I am Desneeparu, and it is my pleasure to meet you, Captain."`

Author: It is a pistol that you draw here indeed, thats why she says it s unconventional

> 			`	You leap to the side, grabbing your own weapon just in time to threaten the Unfettered that threw the blade at you. Seeming a bit surprised by your unconventional tactics, they lower their own weapon. "Well done! In truth, there is no higher honor than surviving on the field of battle, because only then can you bring loot back to those who need it! A tactic is only good if you can find and execute it quickly enough to give you an edge, which you did. I am Desneeparu, and it is my pleasure to meet you, Captain."`

Reviewer: Ah, my bad.

> 			`	You leap to the side, grabbing your own weapon just in time to threaten the Unfettered that threw the blade at you. Seeming a bit surprised by your unconventional tactics, they lower their own weapon. "Well done! In truth, there is no higher honor than surviving on the field of battle, because only then can you bring loot back to those who need it! A tactic is only good if you can find and execute it quickly enough to give you an edge, which you did. I am Desneeparu, and it is my pleasure to meet you, Captain."`

Author: Thing is I tried to keep it vague what weapon it is you have, but it clearly is superior to an honest blade

				goto meet
			label grab
			`	You manage to grab the weapon, just in time to deflect an incoming attack from the same Unfettered. They duel with you for what feels like an eternity. At first you are astonished by the fact you have managed to survive this long, but you soon realize that, as you have not managed to land a single successful blow, this must be some kind of deliberate test.`
			`	Then, suddenly, you can feel the pace of your opponent change; the game is over. They strike a masterful blow that disarms you with ease before smiling and lowering their weapon. "It looks like you know what to do with a blade! I am Desneeparu, and it is a pleasure to meet you, Captain <last>!" she exclaims, before laughing at your surprised face. You realize she must have been toying with you from the beginning, but, nevertheless, she seems satisfied by your performance.`
			label meet
			action
				log "minor people" "Desneeparu" `An Unfettered warrior that knows how to handle a blade. She fought you to test your resolve before you were given access to their weapons. You suspect she was holding back, or you would never have stood a chance.`

> 			`	Desneeparu is a feminine name, and she clearly knows how to handle her weaponry. She does some kind of salute with her fist before leaving. "I most go now. I hope you will find the weapon you need, Captain."`

Reviewer: Is the feminine name part necessary, since we already know she's female?

Author: Well the idea is thats how we know she is female for sure

> 			`	The engineer, who had stepped back during the fight, now proceeds to take you underground to what looks like a very basic weapon testing range. Many Hai are there, experimenting with small modifications, but never performing any extreme tests. Seeing your interest, the engineer explains, "We prefer to do most of our testing on the field of battle. Here we only make sure the weapon actually fires before Unfettered captains can get their hands on it." She points to where a few captains watch the tests; apparently satisfied with what they see, one even requests a weapon to be taken to their ship. You keep walking until you enter the outfitter section of the facility, where you notice the items on display are much more advanced than anything you have seen available on the surface: so much so it could almost pass for a 'normal' Hai outfitter, were it not for the overcharged, oppressive feel of the air, which is probably due to extensive weapon testing.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	The engineer, who had stepped back during the fight, now proceeds to take you underground to what looks like a very basic weapon testing range. Many Hai are there, experimenting with small modifications, but never performing any extreme tests. Seeing your interest, the engineer explains. "We prefer to do most of our testing on the field of battle. Here we only make sure the weapon actually fires before Unfettered captains can get their hands on it." She points to where a few captains watch the tests; apparently satisfied with what they see, one even requests a weapon to be taken to their ship. You keep walking until you enter the outfitter section of the facility, where you notice the items on display are much more advanced than anything you have seen available on the surface: so much so it could almost pass for a 'normal' Hai outfitter, were it not for the overcharged, oppressive feel of the testing grounds.`
```

> 			`	"Welcome to the special section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders and our sympathy for one jump drive is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to other Hai weaponry, but enhanced in one way or another. There are even some weapons that appear to be ion-based; one is smaller than an Ion Cannon whilst another one looks like a turret-mounted version of it.`

Reviewer 4: I feel like parts of these two paragraphs could be trimmed down a bit. We don't really need all this detail.

Author: done, hopefully enough

> 			`	"Welcome to the special section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders and our sympathy for one jump drive is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to other Hai weaponry, but enhanced in one way or another. There are even some weapons that appear to be ion-based, but one is smaller than an Ion Cannon whilst another one looks like a turret-mounted version of it.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Welcome to the special section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders and our sympathy for one jump drive is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to other Hai weaponry, but enhanced in one way or another. There are even some weapons that appear to be ion-based; one is smaller than an Ion Cannon whilst another one looks like a turret-mounted version of it.`
```

> 			`	"Welcome to the special section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders and our sympathy for one jump drive is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to other Hai weaponry, but enhanced in one way or another. There are even some weapons that appear to be ion-based, but one is smaller than an Ion Cannon whilst another one looks like a turret-mounted version of it.`

Reviewer: `There are even some weapons that appear to be ion-based, but one is smaller than an Ion Cannon whilst another one looks like a turret-mounted version of it.`
Is the second ion weapon a turret-mounted version of the Ion Cannon, or a turret-mounted version of the first, smaller weapon?

Author: Of the ion cannon (its got a size of 58 where ion cannon is 49 and the blaster is 19)

			label weapons
			choice
				`	"Tell me more about those Tripulse Shredders I can buy."`
					goto tripulse
				`	"Can you tell me more about that small ionic weapon?"`
				`	"I'd like to learn about the Ion Turret."`
					goto turret
				`	"I would just prefer the money, actually."`

> 					goto money

Reviewer 4: Use `to display` to get rid of the choice loop here.

			scene "outfit/hai ionic blaster"

> 			`	"Ah, the Blaster. It is favored by many Shield Beetle captains, because it can easily help them turn the tide of battle without needing to dedicate too much weapon space for it. Especially considering its other effects, its damage potential is serviceable. While it is true that it does not do enough ion damage to properly disable a ship on its own, it is able to jam their weapons and will give you the upper hand in a long fight."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Ah, the Blaster. It is favored by many Shield Beetle captains, because it can easily help them turn the tide of battle without needing to dedicate too much weapon space to it. Especially considering its other effects, its damage potential is serviceable. While it is true that it does not do enough ion damage to properly disable a ship on its own, it is able to jam their weapons and will give you the upper hand in a long fight."`
```

				goto backtochoose
			label turret
			scene "outfit/hai ionic turret"
			`	"That is my preferred weapon out of all of them, by far. Unlike the Ion Cannon that is a hybrid weapon meant to damage the enemy from long range whilst applying a good deal of ionization, this one's role is mostly to disable enemy ships. Even a ship with many batteries will cower before this weapon! And due to its high range, small ships and even fighters will never bother you again!"`
			label backtochoose
			`	"However, we only have these weapons in very limited quantities, and as such we cannot afford to give these to you yet. So, about my offer, have you made up your mind?"`
				goto weapons

			label money
			`	"Oh. Well, in that case, we will not bother you again with this weapon, or any other, Captain, here or in the job board."`
			choice
				`	"Sounds good to me."`
				`	"Wait, what was that weapon again?"`

> 					goto weapons

Reviewer 4: This is a choice that leads straight into another choice. That shouldn't happen.

			action
				payment 1000000
				set "unfettered: money for drives"
			`	"As you wish. Do remember that if you want to sell further jump drives to us for money you may go to the job board."`
				accept

			label tripulse
			`	"The Tripulse Shredder may seem crude, but it packs a punch! Its specialty is how it combines a lot of firepower in one gun slot, and, due to its burst nature, it's perfect for pilots who already use hit and run tactics. Some captains even say that a Sea Scorpion can take out a Shield Beetle when it uses four of them, if you know what you're doing, of course! As I said, I may offer you two of these in exchange for your jump drive."`

> 			scene "outfit/tripulse shredder"

Reviewer 4: I feel like the scene should be above the text.

			choice
				`	"I'll take that offer."`
				`	"I'd like to learn more about the other weapons first."`

> 					goto weapons

Reviewer 4: Same here.

				`	"Actually, could you give me the money instead?"`
					goto money
			action
				outfit "Tripulse Shredder" 2

> 			`	They order their crew to do the transfer and come address you before leaving. "Do note that if you ever want more weapons, we will always be willing to trade them for jump drives in the job board. However, we can always offer money instead if that is of higher value to you. Of course, we can only do this exchange here, on <origin>, given it is where these advanced weapons are produced and stocked."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	They order their crew to do the transfer and come address you before leaving. "Do note that if you ever want more weapons, we will always be willing to trade them for jump drives in the job board. However, we can always offer money instead if that is of higher value to you. Of course, we can only do this exchange here on <origin>, given it is where these advanced weapons are produced and stocked."`
```

				accept

			label dodge
			action
				# so it's only +2 in total
				"unfettered: jd to sell" -= 2

> 			`	You manage to dodge the blade but are then left defenseless when the same Unfettered closes with another one and slashes down to strike. They stop at the last possible moment, discontent clear on their face. "So this is how you 'fight', Captain? You hide? You dodge? You refuse to seize our weapons, so you will not have them."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	You manage to dodge the blade but are then left defenseless when the same Unfettered closes with another one and slashes down to strike. They stop at the last possible moment, discontent clear on their face. "So this is how you 'fight,' Captain? You hide? You dodge? You refuse to seize our weapons, so you will not have them."`
```

				goto fail
			label flee
			`	You run away from the blade without any difficulty, but the Hai that threw it catches up to you in mere seconds and immobilizes you with their blade on your throat. "You disappoint me, Captain. In battle it is of great importance that you identify your advantages over the enemy and not show weakness by running, else they will come in for the kill. You have failed in both ways here. Never would you have been able to outrun me. All you did was show fear."`

			label fail
			`	She then leaves, to your surprise. The engineer, who had watched the fight then explains, "Since you have failed the test we cannot give you access to our vault yet. Our weapons are only meant for the most capable of warriors. You will of course still be able to trade jump drives for money, but until you otherwise prove yourself, that is the extent of it."`
			branch enoughJD
				"unfettered: jd to sell" + 4 < "Unfettered Jump Drive 4: failed"

> 			`	"This mistake is not unforgivable; I am sure she will happily forgive you, if you will only bring us more jump drives. Another engineer will be waiting for you at your hatch when that is the case."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"This mistake is not permanent; I am sure she will happily forgive you, if you will only bring us more jump drives. Another engineer will be waiting for you at your hatch when that is the case."`
```

> 			`	"This mistake is not unforgivable, I am sure she will happily forgive you, if you will only bring us more jump drives. Another Engineer will be waiting for you at your hatch when that will be the case."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"This mistake is not unforgivable; I am sure she will happily forgive you, if you will only bring us more jump drives. Another Engineer will be waiting for you at your hatch when that is the case."`
```

> 			`	"This mistake is not unforgivable; I am sure she will happily forgive you, if you will only bring us more jump drives. Another Engineer will be waiting for you at your hatch when that is the case."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"This mistake is not unforgivable; I am sure she will happily forgive you, if you will only bring us more jump drives. Another engineer will be waiting for you at your hatch when that is the case."`
```

				defer
			label enoughJD

> 			`	"In fact, your reputation for bringing us jump drives is so great she has no choice but to forgive you in the near future. Another Engineer will be waiting for you at your hatch when that will the case."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"In fact, your reputation for bringing us jump drives is so great she has no choice but to forgive you in the near future. Another Engineer will be waiting for you at your hatch when that is the case."`
```

> 			`	"In fact, your reputation for bringing us jump drives is so great she has no choice but to forgive you in the near future. Another Engineer will be waiting for you at your hatch when that is the case."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"In fact, your reputation for bringing us jump drives is so great she has no choice but to forgive you in the near future. Another engineer will be waiting for you at your hatch when that is the case."`
```

mission "Unfettered Jump Drive Trading"
	minor
	landing
	invisible
	source "Darkcloak"
	substitutions
		<hood> ", with their face hidden"
			has "unfettered: blade rodeo"
		<learned> "It did take you 2 tries, but I am glad that you were able to learn from your mistake."
			"unfettered: blade rodeo" == 1
		<learned> "You finally learned from your mistakes. This is why our challenges are never fatal."
			"unfettered: blade rodeo" == 2

> 		"<The engineer>" "The engineer, who had stepped back during the fight"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"<The engineer>" "The engineer, who had stepped back during the fight,"
```

> 		"<The engineer>" "The real engineer then moves out of the crowd"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"<The engineer>" "The real engineer then moves out of the crowd,"
```

			"unfettered: blade rodeo" == 1

> 		"<The engineer>" "The engineer, who had stepped back during the fight reveals their face"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"<The engineer>" "The engineer, who had stepped back during the fight, reveals their face and"
```

				to display
					"unfettered: blade rodeo" > 1
				goto blade
			`	You exit your ship and immediately the engineer starts to lead you to the outfitter. "We have weapons to show you for your assistance in providing us with jump drives. For now you will only be allowed to trade for the one, but if you continue to provide assistance to us, you may prove yourself worthy to access the others." They never stop to ask if you are actually interested in new weapons.`
			choice
				`	(Say nothing.)`
					goto next
				`	"I'm not really interested in Hai weapons."`
				`	(Leave and come back another time.)`
					defer
			`	"These are not standard Hai weapons, Captain, trust me. Also, it would be ill-advised to judge before seeing them, would it not?"`
			label next
			`	They lead you through the usual outfitter but then go to an area you have never noticed before, probably because you were not meant to. As you are about to pass through what you assume to be a security check, an Unfettered throws a blade at your face!`
			label blade

> 			`	You recognize the same Unfettered as last time; she must fancy throwing blades at people.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You recognize the same Unfettered from last time; she must fancy throwing blades at people.`
```

				goto meet
			label grab
			`	You manage to grab the weapon, just in time to deflect an incoming attack from the same Unfettered. They duel with you for what feels like an eternity. At first you are astonished by the fact you have managed to survive this long, but you soon realize that, as you have not managed to land a single successful blow, this must be some kind of deliberate test.`
			`	Then, suddenly, you can feel the pace of your opponent change; the game is over. They strike a masterful blow that disarms you with ease before smiling and lowering their weapon. "It looks like you know what to do with a blade!<learned> I am Desneeparu, and it is a pleasure to meet you, Captain <last>!" she exclaims, before laughing at your surprised face. You realize she must have been toying with you from the beginning, but, nevertheless, she seems satisfied by your performance.`
			label meet
			action
				log "Minor People" "Desneeparu" `An Unfettered warrior that knows how to handle a blade. Was tested by her before being given access to new Unfettered weapons. Would have been a goner had she not been holding back.`

> 			`	She does some kind of salute with her fist before leaving. "I most go now. I hope you will find the weapon you need, Captain."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	She does some kind of salute with her fist before leaving. "I must go now. I hope you will find the weapon you need, Captain."`
```

> 			`	<The engineer>, now proceeds to take you underground to what looks like a very basic weapon testing range. They explain, "We prefer to do most of our testing on the field of battle. Here we only make sure the weapon actually fires before Unfettered captains can get their hands on it." You keep walking until you enter the outfitter section of the facility, where you notice the items on display are much more advanced than anything you have seen available on the surface: so much so it could almost pass for a 'normal' Hai outfitter, were it not for the overcharged, oppressive feel of the testing grounds.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	<The engineer> proceeds to take you underground to what looks like a very basic weapon testing range. They explain, "We prefer to do most of our testing on the field of battle. Here we only make sure the weapon actually fires before Unfettered captains can get their hands on it." You keep walking until you enter the outfitter section of the facility, where you notice the items on display are much more advanced than anything you have seen available on the surface: so much so it could almost pass for a 'normal' Hai outfitter, were it not for the overcharged, oppressive feel of the testing grounds.`
```

> 			`	"Welcome to the advanced section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders and our sympathy for one jump drive is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to other Hai weaponry, but enhanced in one way or another.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Welcome to the advanced section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders and our sympathy for one jump drive is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to other Hai weaponry, but are enhanced in one way or another.`
```

Reviewer 2: Would work if we add "they are," by just adding "are" doesn't work at all. Alone "are" just makes it "you notice... but [you] are enhanced..."

Author: Honestly do we need this are?
Caus we could write "except they are enhanced"
But just "but enhanxed" works too, doesnt it?

Reviewer 2: This way is enough more clear that I think it's warranted when requested, just doesn't work without clarifying the new subject.

> 			`	"Welcome to the advanced section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders and our sympathy for one jump drive is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to other Hai weaponry, but are enhanced in one way or another.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Welcome to the advanced section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders and our sympathy for one jump drive is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to other Hai weaponry, but they are enhanced in one way or another.`
```

				goto weapons

			label money
			`	"Oh. Well, in that case, we will not bother you again with this weapon, or any other, Captain, here or in the job board."`
			choice
				`	"Sounds good to me."`
				`	"Wait, what was that weapon again?"`
					goto tripulse
			action
				payment 1000000
				set "unfettered: money for drives"
			`	"As you wish. Do remember that if you want to sell further jump drives to us for money you may go to the job board."`
				accept

			label tripulse
			action
				set "choice: tripulse"
			scene "outfit/tripulse shredder"
			`	"The Tripulse Shredder may seem crude, but it packs a punch! Its specialty is how it combines a lot of firepower in one gun slot, and, due to its burst nature, it's perfect for pilots who already use hit and run tactics. Some captains even say that a Sea Scorpion can take out a Shield Beetle when it uses four of them, if you know what you're doing, of course! As I said, I may offer you two of these in exchange for your jump drive."`
				goto weapons
			label buytripulse
			action
				outfit "Tripulse Shredder" 2

> 			`	They order their crew to do the transfer and come address you before leaving. "Do note that if you ever want more weapons, we will always be willing to trade them for jump drives in the job board. However, we can always offer money instead if that is of higher value to you. Of course, we can only do this exchange here on <origin>, given it is where these advanced weapons are produced and stocked."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	They order their crew to do the transfer and come to address you before leaving. "Do note that if you ever want more weapons, we will always be willing to trade them for jump drives in the job board. However, we can always offer money instead if that is of higher value to you. Of course, we can only do this exchange here on <origin>, given it is where these advanced weapons are produced and stocked."`
```

				accept

			label dodge
			action
				"unfettered: jd to sell" += 2
				"unfettered: dodged the blade" ++

> 			`	<as before (run)> manage to dodge the blade but are then left defenseless when the same Unfettered closes with another one and slashes down to strike. They stop at the last possible moment, discontent clear on their face.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	<as before (run)> manage to dodge the blade but are then left defenseless when the same Unfettered closes with another one and slashes down to strike. They stop at the last possible moment, dissatisfaction clear on their face.`
```

This one isn't incorrect, per se, but I think this change implies a little more clearly that she is disappointed by your action instead of in general.

			`	"So this is how you 'fight,' Captain? You hide? You dodge? You refuse to seize our weapons, so you will not have them."`
				to display
					not "unfettered: flee from the blade"
				goto fail
			label flee
			action
				"unfettered: jd to sell" += 4
				"unfettered: flee from the blade" ++
			`	<as before (flee)> run away from the blade without any difficulty, but the Hai that threw it catches up to you in mere seconds and immobilizes you with their blade on your throat.`
			`	"You disappoint me, Captain. In battle it is of great importance that you identify your advantages over the enemy and not show weakness by running, else they will come in for the kill. You have failed in both ways here. Never would you have been able to outrun me. All you did was show fear."`
				to display
					not "unfettered: dodged the blade"
			label fail
			action
				"unfettered: blade rodeo" ++

> 			`	"You really keep on disappointing me, Captain. At one time you tried to avoid a fight you could not flee from, and the other to dodge a weapon that was so readily presented to you? Maybe you truly are no warrior, and let most of your subordinates do the dirty work."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"You really keep on disappointing me, Captain. At one time you tried to avoid a fight you could not flee from, and the other to dodge a weapon that was so readily presented to you? Maybe you truly are no warrior and let most of your subordinates do the dirty work."`
```

				to display
					"unfettered: flee from the blade" == 1
					"unfettered: dodged the blade" == 1

> 			`	"I will not keep on teaching you the same lesson! You had your chance, we cannot accept that one does not learn from their mistakes. It seems that we cannot trust you with our most advanced weapons." She then leaves, visibly irritated.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"I will not keep on teaching you the same lesson! You had your chance, we cannot accept one that does not learn from their mistakes. It seems that we cannot trust you with our most advanced weapons." She then leaves, visibly irritated.`
```

> 			`	"I will not keep on teaching you the same lesson! You had your chance, we cannot accept one that does not learn from their mistakes. It seems that we cannot trust you with our most advanced weapons." She then leaves, visibly irritated.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"I will not keep on teaching you the same lesson! You had your chance. We cannot accept one that does not learn from their mistakes. It seems that we cannot trust you with our most advanced weapons." She then leaves, visibly irritated.`
```

mission "Unfettered Jump Drive Trading"
	minor
	landing
	invisible
	source "Darkcloak"
	substitutions
		<hood> ", with their face hidden"
			has "unfettered: blade rodeo"

> 		<learned> "It did take you 2 tries, but I am glad that you were able to learn from your mistake."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		<learned> "It did take you two tries, but I am glad that you were able to learn from your mistake."
```

				to display
					has "unfettered: blade rodeo"
			choice
				`	(No.)`
					defer
				`	(Yes.)`
			`	As soon as you set foot on the world the supposed engineer drops her equipment and throws a blade at you just like before - it seems that she does not want to waste time with you anymore.`
				to display
					"unfettered: blade rodeo" == 1
				goto blade
			`	You exit your ship, but before you can even reach the engineer, another Unfettered shouts to attract your attention and then throws a blade at you, without any other warning or ceremony.`
				to display
					"unfettered: blade rodeo" > 1
				goto blade
			`	You exit your ship and immediately the engineer starts to lead you to the outfitter. "We have weapons to show you for your assistance in providing us with jump drives. For now you will only be allowed to trade for the one, but if you continue to provide assistance to us, you may prove yourself worthy to access the others." They never stop to ask if you are actually interested in new weapons.`

> 			choice

Reviewer 4: Allowing these to repeat if you chose the uninterested answer.
```suggestion
			label repeat
			choice
```

> 				`	(Say nothing.)`

Reviewer 4: I think this works better.
```suggestion
				`	(Follow them.)`
```

					goto next

> 				`	"I'm not really interested in Hai weapons."`

Reviewer 4: Don't display this if this is your second time at this choice.
```suggestion
				`	"I'm not really interested in Hai weapons."`
					to display
						not "unfettered: uninterested in weapons"
```

> 				`	(Leave and come back another time.)`
> 					defer

Reviewer 4: I feel like if you just straight up leave after being offered this, there should be at least some sort of comment or extra line from the unfettered. That is, have something like this:
```suggestion
					goto uninterested
				`	(Leave and come back another time.)`
			action
				clear "unfettered: uninterested in weapons"
			`	"How rude," says the engineer as you walk off and return to your ship.`
					defer
			label uninterested
```

> 			`	"These are not standard Hai weapons, Captain, trust me. Also, it would be ill-advised to judge before seeing them, would it not?"`

Reviewer 4: Allow the player to take another action after saying they're uninterested instead of just forcing them to follow.
```suggestion
			action
				set "unfettered: uninterested in weapons"
			`	"These are not standard Hai weapons, Captain, trust me. Also, it would be ill-advised to judge before seeing them, would it not?"`
				goto repeat
```

			label meet
			action
				log "Minor People" "Desneeparu" `An Unfettered warrior that knows how to handle a blade. Was tested by her before being given access to new Unfettered weapons. Would have been a goner had she not been holding back.`
			`	She does some kind of salute with her fist before leaving. "I must go now. I hope you will find the weapon you need, Captain."`
			`	<The engineer> proceeds to take you underground to what looks like a very basic weapon testing range. They explain, "We prefer to do most of our testing on the field of battle. Here we only make sure the weapon actually fires before Unfettered captains can get their hands on it." You keep walking until you enter the outfitter section of the facility, where you notice the items on display are much more advanced than anything you have seen available on the surface: so much so it could almost pass for a 'normal' Hai outfitter, were it not for the overcharged, oppressive feel of the testing grounds.`

> 			`	"Welcome to the advanced section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders and our sympathy for one jump drive is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to other Hai weaponry, but they are enhanced in one way or another.`

Reviewer 4: There should maybe be a short description of each weapon that you're able to ask about that you can see, just so it isn't totally out of the blue asking about the two ion weapons.

				to display
					or
						"unfettered: dodged the blade" > 1
						"unfettered: flee from the blade" > 1
				decline
			`	<leave> The engineer, who had watched the fight then explains, "Since you have failed the test we cannot give you access to our vault yet. Our weapons are only meant for the most capable of warriors. You will of course still be able to trade jump drives for money, but until you otherwise prove yourself, that is the extent of it."`
			`	"This mistake is not permanent; I am sure she will happily forgive you, if you will only bring us more jump drives. Another engineer will be waiting for you at your hatch when that is the case."`
				to display
					"unfettered: jd to sell" < "Unfettered Jump Drive 4: failed"
				defer
			`	"In fact, your reputation for bringing us jump drives is so great she has no choice but to forgive you in the near future. Another engineer will be waiting for you at your hatch when that is the case."`
				to display
					"unfettered: jd to sell" > "Unfettered Jump Drive 4: failed"
				defer
	on accept

> 		clear "unfettered: blade rodeo"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		clear "unfettered: uninterested in weapons"
		clear "unfettered: blade rodeo"
```

				goto weapons
			label buytripulse
			action
				outfit "Tripulse Shredder" 2
			`	They order their crew to do the transfer and come to address you before leaving. "Do note that if you ever want more weapons, we will always be willing to trade them for jump drives in the job board. However, we can always offer money instead if that is of higher value to you. Of course, we can only do this exchange here on <origin>, given it is where these advanced weapons are produced and stocked."`
				accept

			label dodge
			action
				"unfettered: jd to sell" += 2
				"unfettered: dodged the blade" ++
			`	<as before (run)> manage to dodge the blade but are then left defenseless when the same Unfettered closes with another one and slashes down to strike. They stop at the last possible moment, dissatisfaction clear on their face.`

> 			`	"So this is how you 'fight,' Captain? You hide? You dodge? You refuse to seize our weapons, so you will not have them."`
> 				to display
> 					not "unfettered: flee from the blade"
> 			``
> 				goto fail

Reviewer 4: Avoid having empty lines just for the sake of getting gotos to work. Instead use a `branch` here so that the empty line is unnecessary. Branches still have a use, even with `to display` now being a thing.
```suggestion
			branch fail
				has "unfettered: flee from the blade"
			`	"So this is how you 'fight,' Captain? You hide? You dodge? You refuse to seize our weapons, so you will not have them."`
				goto fail
```

				to display
					"unfettered: blade rodeo" == 1
				goto blade
			`	You exit your ship, but before you can even reach the engineer, another Unfettered shouts to attract your attention and then throws a blade at you, without any other warning or ceremony.`
				to display
					"unfettered: blade rodeo" > 1
				goto blade
			`	You exit your ship and immediately the engineer starts to lead you to the outfitter. "We have weapons to show you for your assistance in providing us with jump drives. For now you will only be allowed to trade for the one, but if you continue to provide assistance to us, you may prove yourself worthy to access the others." They never stop to ask if you are actually interested in new weapons.`
			label repeat
			choice
				`	(Follow them.)`
					goto next
				`	"I'm not really interested in Hai weapons."`
					to display
						not "unfettered: uninterested in weapons"
					goto uninterested
				`	(Leave and come back another time.)`
			action
				clear "unfettered: uninterested in weapons"

> 			`	"How rude," says the engineer as you walk off and return to your ship.`

Reviewer 4: Remember to actually give this something fitting.

			label meet
			action
				log "Minor People" "Desneeparu" `An Unfettered warrior that knows how to handle a blade. Was tested by her before being given access to new Unfettered weapons. Would have been a goner had she not been holding back.`
			`	She does some kind of salute with her fist before leaving. "I must go now. I hope you will find the weapon you need, Captain."`
			`	<The engineer> proceeds to take you underground to what looks like a very basic weapon testing range. They explain, "We prefer to do most of our testing on the field of battle. Here we only make sure the weapon actually fires before Unfettered captains can get their hands on it." You keep walking until you enter the outfitter section of the facility, where you notice the items on display are much more advanced than anything you have seen available on the surface: so much so it could almost pass for a 'normal' Hai outfitter, were it not for the overcharged, oppressive feel of the testing grounds.`

> 			`	"Welcome to the advanced section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders and our sympathy for one jump drive is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to other Hai weaponry, but they are enhanced in one way or another. Alongside the Tripulses you can spot a very small ionic cannon and what looks like an Ion Cannon mounted turret.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Welcome to the advanced section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders and our sympathy for one jump drive is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to other Hai weaponry, but they are enhanced in one way or another. Alongside the Tripulses you can spot what look like a very small Ion Cannon and an Ion Cannon mounted turret.`
```

				to display
					"unfettered: blade rodeo" == 1
				goto blade
			`	You exit your ship, but before you can even reach the engineer, another Unfettered shouts to attract your attention and then throws a blade at you, without any other warning or ceremony.`
				to display
					"unfettered: blade rodeo" > 1
				goto blade
			`	You exit your ship and immediately the engineer starts to lead you to the outfitter. "We have weapons to show you for your assistance in providing us with jump drives. For now you will only be allowed to trade for the one, but if you continue to provide assistance to us, you may prove yourself worthy to access the others." They never stop to ask if you are actually interested in new weapons.`
			label repeat
			choice
				`	(Follow them.)`
					goto next
				`	"I'm not really interested in Hai weapons."`
					to display
						not "unfettered: uninterested in weapons"
					goto uninterested
				`	(Leave and come back another time.)`
			action
				clear "unfettered: uninterested in weapons"
				"unfettered: jd to sell" ++

> 			`	"How rude, you better hope there will be someone else to guide you, next time!" Says the engineer as you walk off and return to your ship.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"How rude. You better hope there will be someone else to guide you, next time!" Says the engineer as you walk off and return to your ship.`
```

			`	Now that you have successfully passed the test, you are then taken to an underground zone, passing through what looks like a very basic weapon testing range. Many Hai are there, experimenting with small modifications, but never performing any extreme tests. Seeing your interest, the engineer explains, "We prefer to do most of our testing on the field of battle. Here we only make sure the weapon actually fires before Unfettered captains can get their hands on it." You now notice a few captains looking at the tests, and one even requests a weapon to be taken to his ship, apparently satisfied with its performance. You keep on walking until you enter the outfitter section of the facility. You notice it is much more advanced compared to anything you have seen on the surface. So much so it almost looks like a 'normal' Hai outfitter, were it not for the overcharged, oppressive feel of the air, which is probably due to extensive weapon testing.`

> 			`	"Welcome to the special section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders for one jump drive and our sympathy is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to the rest of Hai weaponry, but enhanced one way or another. There even are some weapons that appear to be ion-based, but one is smaller than an Ion Cannon whilst another one looks like a turreted version of it.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Welcome to the special section of the outfitter, Captain! It is only for our most distinguished guests. Now that you have sold us multiple jump drives, I can tell you that we offer something much more valuable than money. For now, I can only offer you the mighty Tripulse Shredder, but eventually we will give you access to all kinds of weapons. Two Tripulse Shredders for one jump drive and our sympathy is the deal I propose," they say, presenting the weapons to you. Now that you can take a closer look, you notice these weapons seem fairly similar to the rest of Hai weaponry, but enhanced one way or another. There even are some weapons that appear to be ion-based, but one is smaller than an Ion Cannon whilst another one looks like a turret-mounted version of it.`
```

					goto money
			action
				outfit "Tripulse Shredder" 2
			`	They order their crew to do the transfer, and come address you before leaving. "Do note that if you ever want more weapons, we will always be willing to trade them for jump drives in the job board. However, we can always offer money instead if that is of higher value to you. Of course, we can only do this exchange here, on <origin>, given it is where these advanced weapons are produced and stocked."`
				accept

			label dodge

> 			`	You manage to dodge the blade but are then left defenseless when the same Unfettered that threw the blade at you comes in with another one, and slashes down to strike. They stop at the last possible moment, with a discontent face. "So this is how you 'fight', Captain? You hide? You dodge? A weapon thrown at you no longer belongs to the enemy, you can claim it!`

Reviewer 3: Do we say `captain` or `Captain`?

Author: I have no idea but here she wouldnt respect you enough to say captain for sure

Author: I feel like it makes more sense for it to be captain so I made all of them be that

				goto fail
			label flee

> 			`	You run away from the blade without any difficulties but then the Hai that threw it catches up to you in mere seconds, and immobilizes you with their blade on your throat. "You disappoint me, Captain. In battle it is of great importance that you identify your advantages over the enemy and not show yourself weak by running, else they will come in for the kill. You have failed in both ways here. Never would you have been able to outrun me. All you did was show fear.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	You run away from the blade without any difficulty, but the Hai that threw it catches up to you in mere seconds and immobilizes you with their blade on your throat. "You disappoint me, Captain. In battle it is of great importance that you identify your advantages over the enemy and not show yourself weak by running, else they will come in for the kill. You have failed in both ways here. Never would you have been able to outrun me. All you did was show fear.`
```
